Pull request for fos_branch to main (#2)
NHSDigital/datascience-seminars: All_materials/20230822_Web_Scraping_Financial_Ombudsman_Service/README.md

> Web Scraping Complaints from the Financial Ombudsman Service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Web Scraping Complaints from the Financial Ombudsman Service
```
Use consistent markdown heading indicators throughout

=============================

#### *Kenneth Quan*

> <kenneth.quan1@nhs.net>

Reviewer: do you want to put your email address out there?

Author: I removed the email

TODO: Add downgit link

> [!WARNING]  
> This repository will contain detailed discussions of victims of bank fraud.
>
> There may be references to mental health problems, self-harm, abuse and suicide.
>
> Samaritans suicide helpline: [116-123](tel:116123)
>
> Financial Help: [https://www.citizensadvice.org.uk/](https://www.citizensadvice.org.uk/) <br>
> Debt Advice: [https://www.stepchange.org/](https://www.stepchange.org/) <br>
> Do not use search engines. Go directly via the links.

> ## Intoduction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Introduction

```

Reviewer: add a blank line after headings

> This repo is designed as training material on the web scraping, data wrangling (also known as [munging](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_wrangling)) and text analysis of open score complaints data from the [Financial Ombudsman Service]( https://www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk/). <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo is designed as training material on the web scraping, data wrangling (also known as [munging](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_wrangling)) and text analysis of open score complaints data from the [Financial Ombudsman Service]( https://www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk/).
```

> <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Don't need the html

The work is NOT endorsed by the Financial Ombudsman Service.

> ## How to use the code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to use the code

```

The main code is found in `create_output.py`. The script contains the following steps.

### Constructing the URL link

The construction of the URL link is made using the function:

> ```
> url_link_from_function = fos_web_scrap.getting_URL_with_date_range(start_date, end_date, config['web']['seach_term']) 
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
url_link_from_function = fos_web_scrap.getting_URL_with_date_range(start_date, end_date, config['web']['search_term']) 
```
```

Note that the UI won't render this suggestion (specifying language, spell correct and surrounding your code block with blank lines), as it can't render ``` without ending the suggestion so be careful.

> The inputs of the function are the date range when the complaints were made and the search term use to find the relevant complaints. The parameters can be found in the `config.tmol` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The inputs of the function are the date range when the complaints were made and the search term use to find the relevant complaints. The parameters can be found in the `config.toml` file.
```

### Web scraping

> The web scraping is perform using the function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The web scraping is performed using the function:
```

> ```
> complete_list = fos_web_scrap.get_complete_desision_list(url_link_from_function)
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```python
complete_list = fos_web_scrap.get_complete_desision_list(url_link_from_function)
```

```
Specify language and leave blank lines around code block

Reviewer: note that this is missing a closed code block so don't click 'commit suggestion'- you will need to make this change manually

Author: changed

There are hardcoded parameters to extract the relevant html data from the webpage.

### Wrangling and Analysis

> The wrangling and analysis are perform using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The wrangling and analysis are performed using:
```

```
_ , _, summary_table = fos_web_scrap.list_of_summary(complete_list)

> ```

Reviewer: again, specify language and leave blank lines around the code block

> The function takes all relevant data from meta data on the html and text from the PDF to a Pandas table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function takes all relevant data from metadata in the html and text from the PDF to a Pandas table.
```

### Output

> The resulting output can be found in `output_table.md`. <br>
> <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resulting output can be found in `output_table.md`. 

```
Don't need the html

Author: done

For brevity, the main PDF text has been removed before publishing.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Remove double blank line

> ## Example Output
> The following is example of a table outputted in by the `create_output.py` script. The columns mean the following: <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example Output

The following is example of a table outputted in by the `create_output.py` script. The columns mean the following:

```
Add blank line after heading and before list

> - Ref – Unique compliant reference 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ref – Unique complaint reference
```

Author: done

- Date – Date of complaint

> - Bank – Financial Institutions which the complaint was made against

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bank – Financial institutions against which the complaint was made
```

> - Scale of Lost – The scale of the largest of sum of money mentioned in the complaint

Reviewer: What does this mean? Give examples, e.g. is it 'thousands', or just a range (100-10000), or just the maximum amount?

Author: I've explained it

- Outcome – If the complaint was upheld

> - CRM – Did the complaint mentioned CRM meaning [Contingent Reimbursement Model Code]( https://www.lendingstandardsboard.org.uk/crm-code/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CRM – Did the complaint mention CRM ([Contingent Reimbursement Model Code]( https://www.lendingstandardsboard.org.uk/crm-code/))
```

> - Sample – A sampled of the complaint from the main body of text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sample – A sample of the complaint from the main body of text
```

> 

Reviewer: Don't need double blank line

Author: done

| | Ref | Date | Bank | Scale of Lost | Outcome | CRM | Sample |
|---:|:------------|:--------------------|:---------------------|:----------------|:----------|:------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | 0 | DRN-4009518 | 2023-06-01 00:00:00 | Lloyds Bank PLC | 10^5 | Notupheld | False | omplaint . I know disappointing , I  explain . Was Mr D victim scam ? It dispute Mr D victim scam  initially persuaded invest dating app , introduced third parties applied pressure Mr D part money order access supposed profits . The scammers cut contact Mr D would part money . Did Mr D authorise payments ? In line Payment Services Regulations 2017 ( PSRs ) , Mr D  liable payments  authorise , |

Reviewer: Is this supposed to start with 'complaint'?

Author: no the unique indexing is Ref, the 0,1,2,3 is just pandas's indexing - I'll fix it
